---
layout: post
title:  "Display Data"
date:   2014-10-01 10:52:00
category: documentation/viewer-api
parent-order: 0
order: 0
---

###Viewer Data Bundle for a Display

URI: https://SERVER/v1/viewer/display/{displayId}?callback={callbackFunctionName}&sig={contentSignature}
Sample URI: https://rvaserver2.appspot.com/v1/viewer/display/8b65aa4d-bf41-4334-bf06-487fdd9dbc51?callback=cb124532&sig=a263691428402d168822989c0b44f4d3dbe68cd7
SSL Required: Yes

INPUT PARAMETERS

displayId: Unique identifier of the Display
callbackFunctionName: Name of the JavaScript callback function to be used for the JSONP response (required)
contentSignature: Digital signature of the content received from the server during the last successful update (optional)

GET
Returns a JSONP data bundle for a given Display.

OUTPUT

If callbackFunctionName is missing, HTTP status code 400 (Bad Request) is returned.

If callbackFunctionName is provided, HTTP status code 200 (OK) and the following JSONP data are returned:

callbackFunctionName({
  "status": {
    "code": status_code,
    "message": status_description
  },
  "content": content_object,
  "signature": content_signature,
  "display": {
    "displayAddress": display_address
  },
  "company": {
    "authKey": authentication_key
  },
  "social":[{
    "network":network_name, 
    "access": access_token, 
    "location": location_token
  }, ... ],
  "connection": {
    "pingInterval": ping_interval,
    "pollInterval": poll_interval,
    "blockRemaining": block_remaining
  }
});

status_code, content_object and content_signature are populated as per the following:

Condition: Viewer has requested data before and none of the Viewer’s content entities (Schedule, Presentation, Playlist) on the server have changed since the last update (as determined by the content signature)
status_code: ViewerStatus.OK (0)
content_object: null
content_signature: null

Condition: Viewer has never requested data before (content signature was not provided) or none of the Viewer’s content entities (Schedule, Presentation, Playlist) on the server have changed since the last update (as determined by the content signature)
status_code: ViewerStatus.OK (0)
content_object: Content assigned to the given Display
content_signature: Digital signature of the content

Condition: Cookies are not enabled on the the Viewer’s browser
status_code: ViewerStatus.NO_COOKIE (1)
content_object: Demo content
content_signature: Digital signature of the demo content

Condition: More than one Viewer is using this Display ID
status_code: ViewerStatus.ID_SHARING_VIOLATION (2)
content_object: Demo content
content_signature: Digital signature of the demo content

Condition: Display ID does not exist
status_code: ViewerStatus.DISPLAY_NOT_FOUND (4)
content_object: Demo content
content_signature: Digital signature of the demo content

Condition: Display is blocked
status_code: ViewerStatus.BLOCKED (6)
content_object: Demo content
content_signature: Digital signature of the demo content

status_description is a human-readable description of the status.

content_object (both demo and Display-specific) has the following structure:

{
  "schedule": {Schedule assigned to display using Distribution OR DistributeToAll = true OR a demo schedule
    [{Schedule Items}]
  },
  "presentations":[{Published versions of the Presentations referenced by Schedule Items (including all embedded
    Presentations), no duplicates}]
}

content_signature is a digital signature of the content that is passed to the client and then sent in the next request. It is used by the server to determine if the client has the latest content (to avoid sending the same content repeatedly).

display_address is a complete physical address of the Display.

authentication_key is the Authentication Key of the Company that the Display belongs to.

network_name is the name of a social network.

access_token is the OAuth access token for the social network associated with the Display.

location_token is the location token for the social network associated with the Display.

ping_interval is the interval (in minutes) between ping signals sent to the Viewer over the channel (default is 30).

poll_interval is the expected interval (in minutes) between polls from the Viewer (default is 30).

block_remaining is the number of minutes remaining until a block expires (if applicable) or 0 otherwise.