---
layout: developer-post
title:  "Web Page"
date:   2014-11-05 15:52:00
category: developer/widget-api/widget
parent-order: 1
order: 3
---


## Web Page

The Web Page Widget is used to display other web pages inside of a Presentation.

### How It Works

The Web Page Widget displays the web page inside of an `iframe`. The page can be shifted by setting the *Horizontal Scroll* and *Vertical Scroll* values. This functions in the same way as a scrollbar does on a regular web page, allowing the Widget to display only a specific region.

The Widget also provides an option to scale (zoom) the content of the iframe within a range of 50-200%, and it can enable or disable user interactivity with the content.

Web Page Widget refreshes the page as per the *Data Refresh Interval*. To prevent it from displaying a cached copy, a dummy variable is appended to the URL with every update, forcing the Widget to show the most recent version of the page.

### Known Issues

Certain URLs contain scripts which redirect the parent page of the browser to their site. This is a security measure against those pages being included in an iframe. When a page such as this is loaded into the Web Page Widget, the Viewer will be redirected to that site, rendering the Display inoperable.

Other particular URLs might configure their server to make use of the X-Frame-Options response header which can be used to indicate whether or not a browser should be allowed to render a page in an `iframe`. Sites use this to avoid clickjacking attacks, by ensuring that their content is not embedded into other sites. When a page such as this is loaded in the Web Page Widget, the site will not be displayed.

### Resources
[Web Page Widget](https://github.com/Rise-Vision/widget-web-page)