---
layout: developer-post
title:  "Bulletin"
date:   2014-11-05 15:52:00
category: developer/widget-api/widget
parent-order: 1
order: 1
---


## Bulletin

The Bulletin Widget enables you to select a Bulletin that you have created using the Bulletin App, and display it in a Presentation.

### How It Works

If the *Bulletin Settings* window is opened, and a Bulletin has already been selected, the Widget extracts details about that Bulletin from Google Drive, and shows its name and resolution. A message is displayed if the resolution of the Bulletin does not match the resolution of the Placeholder. The Widget uses [Google Picker](https://developers.google.com/picker/) to enable a user to select a Bulletin directly from their Google Drive. If *New* is selected then, after prompting for a name, the Widget opens the Bulletin App in a new tab and creates the Bulletin in the *Bulletins* folder of the user’s Google Drive. Selecting *Edit* opens the existing Bulletin in the Bulletin App in a new tab.

When run, the Widget shows the Bulletin inside of an `iframe`. Because the file name is part of the Bulletin’s URL, if the user were to change the name of the Bulletin via the Google Drive UI, the URL would no longer be valid. To get around this problem, a Google Apps script is used that takes the folder ID and file ID as parameters, and returns the dynamically constructed URL. The Bulletin calls this script as per the *Data Refresh Interval* setting.

### Resources
[Bulletin Widget](https://github.com/Rise-Vision/widget-bulletin)