---
layout: user-post
title:  "Add Users"
date:   2014-10-13 10:52:00
category: user/getting-started
order: 5
---

###What is a User?
A user is anyone who is authorized to log in to your Rise Vision account. This means you can allow others in your company to log in to the Rise Vision platform, by entering them as users. You can also assign different roles to different users. Each role has its own permissions and capabilities.  A user can be a presentation editor, a presentation publisher, a display editor, an administrator, or a purchaser of items from the Rise Vision store.


###Add a User
1. Click the Users link at the top of any page.
2. On the Users page, click the Add button.
3. In the Username field, type the Google account email address for the new user. For example, 'bob.jones@gmail.com'.
4. In the First Name, Last Name and Telephone fields, type the new user’s name and telephone number.
5. In the Email field, type the user’s preferred email address. It does not have to be the same email address used in the Username field, if he/she prefers to receive emails at a different address.
6. In the Status field, leaving it as Active allows the new user to log in to your company’s account. Changing it to Inactive removes that permission.
7. In the Roles field, select the role(s) you want to assign to this user. More than one role can be assigned to a user. See User Roles below for an explanation of each role. On the user’s page, you can also move the mouse cursor over each role’s name to see an explanation of that role.
8. Click the Save button to create the new user.