---
layout: user-post
title:  "OEM"
date:   2014-10-13 10:52:00
category: user/player
order: 4
---


###How to bundle the Rise Vision Chrome App with your hardware
Bundling the Rise Vision Chrome App with your hardware is simple and provides a user friendly experience and best of all, it’s FREE!

For machines running Windows, Linux or MAC

1. Install Google Chrome
2. Open Chrome and  and install the Rise Vision Chrome App Player from the Chrome Web Store
3. Configure the Rise Vision Chrome App Player to run on startup.

####Configure the Rise Vision Chrome App Player for Startup
#####On Windows

1. Open a Tab in Chrome, and browse to chrome://apps. Right click on the Rise Vision Chrome App Player, and select Create Shortcuts. Create a Shortcut for the Desktop.
2. Copy and paste the Desktop shortcut into “C:\ProgramData\Microsoft\Windows\Start

#####Linux

1. Open a new Tab in Google Chrome, and browse to chrome://apps. Right click on the Rise Vision Chrome App Player, and select Create Shortcuts. Create a Shortcut for the Desktop.
2. From the Dash search button, search for Startup Applications, and open it. Drag the Desktop shortcut into the Startup Applications window, and restart your Display. The Rise Vision Chrome App Player will start automatically.

#####MAC

1. From the Dock, open System Preferences, and then Users and Groups.
2. Click on the current User, and then Login Items. Before modifying the Login Items, press the Lock at the bottom left of the screen to make changes.
3. Open Finder, and go to “Username\Applications\Chrome Apps” and drag the Rise Vision Chrome App Player into the Login Items for the current User. Click the Lock again to prevent further changes.
4. Restart your Display, and the Rise Vision Chrome App Player will start automatically.